this time i would like to divide the story into chapters/arcs ( their order is not necessary) 
for this it is essential to read my previous document(story)


1:INTRODUCTION 
the basic is intro is same (wizards subdued dragon king etc etc)

2.HOW THE DROGON REVIVED??(NOTE: this will be told at the later part[to the player] in the story im just explaining this now as it will help in setting the flow of the story)

i have two thoughts/suggestion in mind for this part(anymore will also help)
	OPTION A:(call it mainstream idea)
         lets go back, when the old wizards where just about to kill the dragon king one of the wizard took a crucial part of the dragon king(and i hope everyone must have guessed it by now) because he is  a servant/companion of the dragon king.SO when the traitor thinks the time is right he revived the dragon king to relieve the  previous days .
         (MY VIEWS:i personally don't like this part because it's toooo predictable and tooooo mainstream,im just including this option because i thought everyone must atleast considered it)


	OPTION B:(mine and AMAN MISHRA idea)
        Befor explaining this i would like to explain more about DARK CONTINENT(cause it's a crucial part here)
        so DARK CONTINENT during the reign of dragon king used to be the headquarters og dragon king i.e. where the dragon king resides 
        The Boundaries of this continent are continuously lit by huge barries of eternal fires(suggestion for more barriers ) so in the early days NO ONE besides the dragon king could enter or leave the continent.
        
        Again lets go back,when the old wizrads where about to kill king ,the dragon king though defeated somehow (in a split of seconds)unknown to any wizrads solidifies his heart and teleported to his headquarters(dark continent).Since the wizards can't enter the dark continent they have no means of knowing that the dragon king bearly survived,so they assumed that they have kill the king.
        but the battle has taken its toll on the dragon king and after centuries later,little by little absorbing magic from the realm of Zion he was able to mold his solidified heart into a HUMANOID form.BUT even in this humanoid form he was so weak that now he himself cant pass the barrier he put(must have to be a powerful barrier).SO he waited more centuries till he has the power to revievd his brethren(the five dragons all of whose remains are in the five kingdoms ).
	the dragon king can now only come back to his original form when his brethren(the five dragons) have given them there powers.But the five dragons can't kill themself(why because (i)suicide isn't a option (ii)they are also proud warriors and would like to go down in a battle)so they respectively started making havoc in respective kingdom until there is someone to stop them.
  
        (MY views:basically im saying the dragon was never killed but somehow survived on his OWN)
        (please comment which option u like better suggest more option,more points to improve the existing options)

       
3.WHO ARE THE FIVE CHOSEN PERSONS??
SO as i have said in my previous doc. the user will be allowed to chose from any five kingdoms but that will create a problem of multiple storylines(i dont know if it is accepted or not so im just going to give a solution).We will allot a user a particular kingdom and then accordingly he will tranverse in this kingdom and move on to others kingdom gathering the other four chosen persons ONLY DURING BATTLETIME the user will be allowed to play with other characters.
back to the question of as to who are the five persons(powers can be distributed accordingly)
a.)Warrior--chosen by the wizard by winning in a battle royal 
b.)thief--handpicked by the wizard when he was a child.
c.)Prince of any one kingdom--his own father is the wizard.
d.)blacksmith/inventor(basically a person who can create something)--chosen by the wizard due to some instance(i cant think of any right now any suggestion will help).
e.)a magician/enchantress--inspirer of the wizard and chosen by the wizard due to her dedication. 
  
(NOTE:if u dont like the above five persons please let me know and remember this is only their personalities and how they are chosen what powers they can have can be decide later).


4.What happens in the initial stage of the game(after the story introduction)
the kingdom's wizard which we have given the user will first assign us small task and little by little we will know certain unknown happenings are occuring.And after the attack of the first dragon the particular wizard will tell us everything and give us further task to defeat the dragons and accumulate and meet the other wizards and their respective chosen persons.
we will first go and defeat the dragon and then move on to the nearby kingdom.


5.MIDDLE PART(meeting others and defeating the remaining dragon)
here as we move kingdom to kingdom we can assign each kingdom a particular story as to how the dragons are terrorizing their kingdoms.One such example:in the last kingdom,the dragon is still not  revived rather a skeleton can be seen but as all five persons (remember in the last kingdom we have collected all people) approaches the skeleton a mechanism is triggered and the dragon revives(i thought it will be cool animation wise :0);


6.REACHING AND ENTERING THE DARK CONTINENT
the wizards(the teachers) at the cost of their life will extinguish the flames surrounding the dark continent and entrusting our heroes with the future.


7.first battle with the dragon king
the dragon first fights in his humanoid form telling us "how he has survived" and also that he is indirectly hepled by the heroes in getting his powers back.
he has also acquired the powers from his 5 drgon companion.
after defeating our heroes he shows his true form and pities our heroes by not killing them and leaves the dark continent to break havoc in the realm of Zion.


8.final battle with the dragon king and its setting
Our heroes, defeated, return to their respective kingdoms but decided that they will meet at the rendezvous point (which will be a tower in the middle of all kingdoms)
On reaching their repective kingdoms they will see that dragon king has destroyed everything and is now going to absorb the  entire lifes/magic of the realm of Zion.
As they reached their respective training grounds they will found some new profound powers left to them by their late wizards/teachers.
Equiped with this new powers we will once again fight with the dragon king who is pleasantly building a tower to absorb all magic.
THE OUTCOME OF THE BATTLE WILL BEEEEEE--i will let u all decide that :)

NOTE:any suggestion that u dont like please let me know and any suggestion on how to improve the story will also help
THANK U FOR READING!!!






